# CollectConversations

# Description
* Webscrape conversations generated by a set of Twitter accounts (Verified Media Personalities - VMPs). These conversations 
are the result of responses made by other Twitter accounts to tweets previously sent by VMPs. The original tweets from the VMPs MUST be previously stored in a compressed file (gzip) using a JSON format. 

* VMPs' Twitter file names are identified by the username and separated by a dot (.) from the file
extension. For example: If President Barack Obama is one of the VMPs, his tweet collection file name will be
identified as barackobama.twt.gz

## Installation
* git clone https://github.com/phvargas/CollectConversations.git

## Pre-requisites
* Python3
* A folder with a set of files containing a collection of tweets sent by VMPs.

# Parameters
* **path**: path to the file name where the captured conversations will be stored.
  This is a **MANDATORY** parameter.

* **tweet_path**: path of folder where VMPs tweet collection are stored. This is a **MANDATORY** 
parameter.

* **profile_path**: path of folder where HTML profile page of the Twitter account interacting 
    with a VMP will be stored. This is a **MANDATORY** parameter.


* **part**: this parameter is an optional. If provided, the list of interacting Twitter accounts will be broken in (n)
           parts. The parameter has the format d1-d2. Where d2 is an integer that represents the number of parts the list
           will be broken into. While d1 is the section that will be inspected.
README.md:27
           Ex: A conversation containing 100 handles could be broken in two pieces. Then, passing the parameter
               part=1-2 indicates that the running instance will work with elements 0-49. Another instance could run
               concurrently (part=2-2) to work elements 50-100.

* **rewrite**: this parameter is optional.  Its value type is boolean (True or False). If omitted
              the default value is TRUE. If this parameter is set to
              False, any previous recorded conversation-id(s) will be skipped. This functionality is
              helpful in case a process gets interrupted, and it needs to re-start for completion. 
              A decision should be made if re-writing all previous conversations or skipping the ones already recorded. 
              The latter will speed-up the new process if the interruption occurred in an advanced
              stage.
              
# Run
./main.py path=/data/odu/TwitterClassifier/data/Conversations path_tweet=/data/odu/TwitterClassifier/data/tweetsVMP profile_path=/data/odu/TwitterClassifier/data/AccountProfile/ 
